;; -*- mode: emacs-lisp; lexical-binding: t -*-

(defun dotspacemacs/layers ()
  "Layer configuration:
This function should only modify configuration layer settings."
  (setq-default
   dotspacemacs-distribution 'spacemacs
   dotspacemacs-enable-lazy-installation 'nil
   dotspacemacs-ask-for-lazy-installation t

   ;; List of additional paths where to look for configuration layers.
   ;; Paths must have a trailing slash (i.e. "~/.mycontribs/")
   dotspacemacs-configuration-layer-path '()
   dotspacemacs-additional-packages '(llvm-ts-mode
                                      ligature)

   ;; List of configuration layers to load.
   dotspacemacs-configuration-layers
   '(theming
     emoji
     unicode-fonts
     helpful
     treemacs
     ibuffer
     hackernews
     vinegar
     evil-commentary
     evil-better-jumper
     multiple-cursors
     eww
     finance
     (evil-snipe :variables
                 evil-snipe-enable-alternate-f-and-t-behaviors t)
     (keyboard-layout :variables
                      kl-layout 'colemak-neio-inverted)
     (better-defaults :variables
                      better-defaults-move-to-beginning-of-code-first t
                      better-defaults-move-to-end-of-code-first t)
     (colors :variables
             colors-colorize-indentifiers 'all)

     ;; Completion and Correction
     (helm :variables
           helm-no-header t)
     (spell-checking :variables
                     spell-checking-enable-auto-dictionary t)
     (auto-completion :variables
                      auto-completion-return-key-behavior nil
                      auto-completion-tab-key-behavior 'complete
                      auto-completion-minimum-prefix-length 1
                      auto-completion-idle-delay 0)
     (languagetool :variables
                   langtool-default-language "en-US"
                   langtool-java-classpath "~/.nix-profile/bin/languagetool")
     syntax-checking
     templates
     prettier
     tree-sitter

     ;; Programing Tools
     lsp
     semantic
     nixos
     dtrt-indent
     dap
     debug
     docker
     kubernetes
     meson
     systemd
     tmux
     gtags
     (git :variables
          git-magit-status-fullscreen t
          git-enable-magit-svn-plugin t)
     version-control

     ;; Reading Tools
     speed-reading
     epub
     pdf

     ;; Programing Languages
     emacs-lisp
     common-lisp
     alda
     extempore
     bm
     bibtex
     csv
     fountain
     graphviz
     latex
     plantuml
     shell-scripts
     coq
     ess
     gpu
     prolog
     sql
     asm
     hy
     racket
     rust
     toml
     major-modes
     (zig :variables
          zls-backend 'lsp)
     (haskell :variables
              haskell-completion-backend 'dante)
     (c-c++ :variables
            c-c++-backend 'lsp-clangd)
     (forth :variables
            forth-executable "gforth")
     (scheme :variables
             scheme-implementations '(guile racket))
     (cmake :variables
            cmake-backend 'lsp)
     (ansible :variables
              ansible-auto-encrypt-decrypt nil)

     ;; Plain Text Management
     markdown
     org
)

   dotspacemacs-frozen-packages '()
   dotspacemacs-excluded-packages '()
   dotspacemacs-install-packages 'used-only))

(defun dotspacemacs/init ()
  "Initialization:
This function is called at the very beginning of Spacemacs startup,
before layer configuration.
It should only modify the values of Spacemacs settings."

  (setq-default
   dotspacemacs-enable-emacs-pdumper nil
   dotspacemacs-emacs-pdumper-executable-file "emacs"
   dotspacemacs-emacs-dumper-dump-file (format "spacemacs-%s.pdmp" emacs-version)
   dotspacemacs-elpa-https t
   dotspacemacs-elpa-timeout 5
   dotspacemacs-gc-cons '(100000000 0.1)
   dotspacemacs-read-process-output-max (* 1024 1024)
   dotspacemacs-use-spacelpa nil
   dotspacemacs-verify-spacelpa-archives t
   dotspacemacs-check-for-update nil
   dotspacemacs-elpa-subdirectory 'emacs-version

   dotspacemacs-editing-style 'hybrid
   dotspacemacs-startup-buffer-show-version nil

   ;; Specify the startup banner. Default value is `official', it displays
   ;; the official spacemacs logo. An integer value is the index of text
   ;; banner, `random' chooses a random text banner in `core/banners'
   ;; directory. A string value must be a path to an image format supported
   ;; by your Emacs build.
   ;; If the value is nil then no banner is displayed. (default 'official)
   dotspacemacs-startup-banner nil
   dotspacemacs-startup-banner-scale 'auto
   dotspacemacs-startup-buffer-responsive t

   ;; List of items to show in startup buffer or an association list of
   ;; the form `(list-type . list-size)`. If nil then it is disabled.
   ;; Possible values for list-type are:
   ;; `recents' `recents-by-project' `bookmarks' `projects' `agenda' `todos'.
   ;; List sizes may be nil, in which case
   ;; `spacemacs-buffer-startup-lists-length' takes effect.
   ;; The exceptional case is `recents-by-project', where list-type must be a
   ;; pair of numbers, e.g. `(recents-by-project . (7 .  5))', where the first
   ;; number is the project limit and the second the limit on the recent files
   ;; within a project.
   dotspacemacs-show-startup-list-numbers nil
   dotspacemacs-startup-buffer-show-icons t
   dotspacemacs-startup-lists '((recents . 5)
                                (projects . 7))

   dotspacemacs-startup-buffer-multi-digit-delay 0.3
   dotspacemacs-new-empty-buffer-major-mode 'text-mode
   dotspacemacs-scratch-mode 'text-mode
   dotspacemacs-scratch-buffer-persistent nil
   dotspacemacs-scratch-buffer-unkillable t
   dotspacemacs-initial-scratch-message nil

   ;; List of themes, the first of the list is loaded when spacemacs starts.
   ;; Press `SPC T n' to cycle to the next theme in the list (works great
   ;; with 2 themes variants, one dark and one light)
   dotspacemacs-themes '(modus-vivendi
                         modus-operandi)

   dotspacemacs-mode-line-theme '(vim-powerline)
   dotspacemacs-colorize-cursor-according-to-state t
   dotspacemacs-default-font '("Iosevka Comfy Wide Motion"
                               :size 18.0
                               :weight normal
                               :width normal)

   dotspacemacs-leader-key "SPC"
   dotspacemacs-emacs-command-key "SPC"
   dotspacemacs-emacs-leader-key "M-m"
   dotspacemacs-ex-command-key ":"
   dotspacemacs-major-mode-leader-key ","
   dotspacemacs-major-mode-emacs-leader-key (if window-system "<M-return>" "C-M-m")
   dotspacemacs-distinguish-gui-tab nil
   dotspacemacs-default-layout-name "Default"
   dotspacemacs-display-default-layout nil
   dotspacemacs-auto-resume-layouts nil
   dotspacemacs-auto-generate-layout-names nil
   dotspacemacs-large-file-size 1
   dotspacemacs-auto-save-file-location 'cache
   dotspacemacs-max-rollback-slots 9

   ;; If non-nil, the paste transient-state is enabled. While enabled, after you
   ;; paste something, pressing `C-j' and `C-k' several times cycles through the
   ;; elements in the `kill-ring'. (default nil)
   dotspacemacs-enable-paste-transient-state t
   dotspacemacs-which-key-delay 0.3
   dotspacemacs-which-key-position 'bottom

   ;; Control where `switch-to-buffer' displays the buffer. If nil,
   ;; `switch-to-buffer' displays the buffer in the current window even if
   ;; another same-purpose window is available. If non-nil, `switch-to-buffer'
   ;; displays the buffer in a same-purpose window even if the buffer can be
   ;; displayed in the current window. (default nil)
   dotspacemacs-switch-to-buffer-prefers-purpose nil
   dotspacemacs-loading-progress-bar nil
   dotspacemacs-fullscreen-at-startup nil
   dotspacemacs-fullscreen-use-non-native nil
   dotspacemacs-maximized-at-startup t
   dotspacemacs-undecorated-at-startup nil
   dotspacemacs-active-transparency 90
   dotspacemacs-inactive-transparency 90
   dotspacemacs-background-transparency 90

   ;; If non-nil show the titles of transient states. (default t)
   dotspacemacs-show-transient-state-title t

   ;; If non-nil show the color guide hint for transient state keys. (default t)
   dotspacemacs-show-transient-state-color-guide t
   dotspacemacs-mode-line-unicode-symbols t
   dotspacemacs-smooth-scrolling t
   dotspacemacs-scroll-bar-while-scrolling nil

   ;; Control line numbers activation.
   ;; If set to `t', `relative' or `visual' then line numbers are enabled in all
   ;; `prog-mode' and `text-mode' derivatives. If set to `relative', line
   ;; numbers are relative. If set to `visual', line numbers are also relative,
   ;; but only visual lines are counted. For example, folded lines will not be
   ;; counted and wrapped lines are counted as multiple lines.
   ;; This variable can also be set to a property list for finer control:
   ;; '(:relative nil
   ;;   :visual nil
   ;;   :disabled-for-modes dired-mode
   ;;                       doc-view-mode
   ;;                       markdown-mode
   ;;                       org-mode
   ;;                       pdf-view-mode
   ;;                       text-mode
   ;;   :size-limit-kb 1000)
   ;; When used in a plist, `visual' takes precedence over `relative'.
   ;; (default nil)
   dotspacemacs-line-numbers '(:relative nil
                               :visual text-mode
                                       prog-mode
                               :disabled-for-modes dired-mode
                                                   doc-view-mode
                                                   markdown-mode
                                                   org-mode
                                                   pdf-view-mode
                                                   text-mode
                                                   eshell-mode
                                                   scad-preview-mode
                                                   eww-mode
                                                   shell-mode
                                                   term-mode
                               :size-limit-kb 1000)

   ;; Code folding method. Possible values are `evil', `origami' and `vimish'.
   ;; (default 'evil)
   dotspacemacs-folding-method 'evil

   ;; If non-nil and `dotspacemacs-activate-smartparens-mode' is also non-nil,
   ;; `smartparens-strict-mode' will be enabled in programming modes.
   ;; (default nil)
   dotspacemacs-smartparens-strict-mode t

   ;; If non-nil smartparens-mode will be enabled in programming modes.
   ;; (default t)
   dotspacemacs-activate-smartparens-mode t

   ;; If non-nil pressing the closing parenthesis `)' key in insert mode passes
   ;; over any automatically added closing parenthesis, bracket, quote, etc...
   ;; This can be temporary disabled by pressing `C-q' before `)'. (default nil)
   dotspacemacs-smart-closing-parenthesis nil

   ;; Select a scope to highlight delimiters. Possible values are `any',
   ;; `current', `all' or `nil'. Default is `all' (highlight any scope and
   ;; emphasis the current one). (default 'all)
   dotspacemacs-highlight-delimiters 'all
   dotspacemacs-enable-server nil
   dotspacemacs-server-socket-dir nil

   ;; If non-nil, advise quit functions to keep server open when quitting.
   ;; (default nil)
   dotspacemacs-persistent-server nil

   ;; List of search tool executable names. Spacemacs uses the first installed
   ;; tool of the list. Supported tools are `rg', `ag', `pt', `ack' and `grep'.
   ;; (default '("rg" "ag" "pt" "ack" "grep"))
   dotspacemacs-search-tools '("rg" "ag" "pt" "ack" "grep")
   dotspacemacs-frame-title-format "%I@%S"
   dotspacemacs-icon-title-format nil
   dotspacemacs-show-trailing-whitespace t

   ;; Delete whitespace while saving buffer. Possible values are `all'
   ;; to aggressively delete empty line and long sequences of whitespace,
   ;; `trailing' to delete only the whitespace at end of lines, `changed' to
   ;; delete only whitespace for changed lines or `nil' to disable cleanup.
   ;; (default nil)
   dotspacemacs-whitespace-cleanup 'trailing

   ;; If non-nil activate `clean-aindent-mode' which tries to correct
   ;; virtual indentation of simple modes. This can interfere with mode specific
   ;; indent handling like has been reported for `go-mode'.
   ;; If it does deactivate it here.
   ;; (default t)
   dotspacemacs-use-clean-aindent-mode t

   ;; Accept SPC as y for prompts if non-nil. (default nil)
   dotspacemacs-use-SPC-as-y t
   dotspacemacs-swap-number-row nil

   ;; Either nil or a number of seconds. If non-nil zone out after the specified
   ;; number of seconds. (default nil)
   dotspacemacs-zone-out-when-idle nil
   dotspacemacs-pretty-docs nil
   dotspacemacs-home-shorten-agenda-source t
   dotspacemacs-byte-compile t))

(defun dotspacemacs/user-env ()
  "Environment variables setup.
This function defines the environment variables for your Emacs session. By
default it calls `spacemacs/load-spacemacs-env' which loads the environment
variables declared in `~/.spacemacs.env' or `~/.spacemacs.d/.spacemacs.env'.
See the header of this file for more information."
  (spacemacs/load-spacemacs-env)
)

(defun dotspacemacs/user-init ()
  "Initialization for user code:
This function is called immediately after `dotspacemacs/init', before layer
configuration.
It is mostly for variables that should be set before packages are loaded.
If you are unsure, try setting them in `dotspacemacs/user-config' first."
  )


(defun dotspacemacs/user-load ()
  "Library to load while dumping.
This function is called only while dumping Spacemacs configuration. You can
`require' or `load' the libraries of your choice that will be included in the
dump."
  )


(defun dotspacemacs/user-config ()
  "Configuration for user code:
This function is called at the very end of Spacemacs startup, after layer
configuration.
Put your configuration code here, except for variables that should be set
before packages are loaded."

  (load "~/.config/emacs/private/General-Configuration/global-save.el")
  (load "~/.config/emacs/private/General-Configuration/global-variables.el")
  (load "~/.config/emacs/private/Theme-Varangian/varangian-vivendi.el")
  (load "~/.config/emacs/private/Theme-Varangian/fonts-and-ligatures.el")
  (load "~/.config/emacs/private/Secrets/secrets.el"))


;; Do not write anything past this comment. This is where Emacs will
;; auto-generate custom variable definitions.
(defun dotspacemacs/emacs-custom-settings ()
  "Emacs custom settings.
This is an auto-generated function, do not modify its content directly, use
Emacs customize menu instead.
This function is called at the very end of Spacemacs initialization."
(custom-set-variables
 ;; custom-set-variables was added by Custom.
 ;; If you edit it by hand, you could mess it up, so be careful.
 ;; Your init file should contain only one such instance.
 ;; If there is more than one, they won't work right.
 '(package-selected-packages
   '(alda-mode ansible ansible-doc attrap better-jumper blacken bm browse-at-remote ccls cmake-mode cmm-mode code-cells common-lisp-snippets company-anaconda anaconda-mode company-ansible company-auctex company-c-headers company-cabal company-coq company-emoji company-math company-nixos-options company-reftex company-rtags company-shell company-ycmd cpp-auto-include csv-mode cuda-mode cython-mode dante lcr eldoc dap-mode lsp-docker bui diff-hl disaster docker aio dockerfile-mode dtrt-indent ediprolog emoji-cheat-sheet-plus emojify ess-R-data-view ess evil-commentary evil-ledger evil-org evil-snipe evil-tex extempore-mode fish-mode flycheck-bashate flycheck-haskell flycheck-ledger flycheck-rtags flycheck-ycmd forth-mode fountain-mode geiser-guile geiser-racket geiser gendoxy ggtags gh-md git-link git-messenger git-modes git-timemachine gitignore-templates glsl-mode gnuplot google-c-style graphviz-dot-mode hackernews haskell-snippets helm-bibtex helm-ctest helm-git-grep helm-gtags helm-hoogle helm-ls-git helm-lsp helm-nixos-options helm-org-rifle helm-pydoc helm-rtags helpful elisp-refs hindent hlint-refactor hy-mode ibuffer-projectile importmagic epc ctable concurrent insert-shebang jinja2-mode journalctl-mode kubernetes-evil kubernetes magit-popup ledger-mode live-py-mode lsp-haskell haskell-mode lsp-latex consult lsp-origami origami lsp-pyright lsp-treemacs lsp-ui lsp-mode magit-svn markdown-toc math-symbol-lists meson-mode nasm-mode nix-mode nixos-options nose nov esxml kv ob-hy olivetti opencl-mode org-cliplink org-contrib org-download org-mime org-pomodoro alert log4e gntp org-present org-projectile org-project-capture org-category-capture org-ref ox-pandoc citeproc bibtex-completion htmlize biblio biblio-core parsebib org-rich-yank orgit-forge orgit forge yaml ghub closql emacsql treepy pdf-view-restore pdf-tools tablist pip-requirements pipenv load-env-vars pippel plantuml-mode poetry prettier-js proof-general py-isort pydoc pyenv-mode pythonic pylookup pytest pyvenv racket-mode realgud test-simple loc-changes load-relative ron-mode rtags rustic xterm-color markdown-mode rust-mode xref shfmt slime-company slime smeargle sphinx-doc spray sql-indent srefactor stickyfunc-enhance systemd texfrag auctex toml-mode tree-sitter-langs tree-sitter tsc treemacs-magit magit magit-section git-commit with-editor transient unicode-fonts ucs-utils font-utils persistent-soft pcache x86-lookup yaml-mode yapfify yatemplate ycmd request-deferred deferred zig-mode reformatter auto-dictionary auto-yasnippet flycheck-pos-tip pos-tip flyspell-correct-helm flyspell-correct helm-c-yasnippet helm-company company mwim unfill yasnippet-snippets yasnippet unkillable-scratch color-identifiers-mode nyan-mode rainbow-identifiers rainbow-mode ws-butler writeroom-mode winum which-key volatile-highlights vim-powerline vi-tilde-fringe uuidgen undo-tree treemacs-projectile treemacs-persp treemacs-icons-dired treemacs-evil toc-org term-cursor symon symbol-overlay string-inflection string-edit-at-point spacemacs-whitespace-cleanup spacemacs-purpose-popwin spaceline space-doc restart-emacs request rainbow-delimiters quickrun popwin pcre2el password-generator paradox overseer org-superstar open-junk-file nameless multi-line macrostep lorem-ipsum link-hint inspector info+ indent-guide hybrid-mode hungry-delete holy-mode hl-todo highlight-parentheses highlight-numbers highlight-indentation hide-comnt helm-xref helm-themes helm-swoop helm-purpose helm-projectile helm-org helm-mode-manager helm-make helm-descbinds helm-comint helm-ag google-translate golden-ratio flycheck-package flycheck-elsa flx-ido fancy-battery eyebrowse expand-region evil-visualstar evil-visual-mark-mode evil-unimpaired evil-tutor evil-textobj-line evil-surround evil-numbers evil-nerd-commenter evil-mc evil-matchit evil-lisp-state evil-lion evil-indent-plus evil-iedit-state evil-goggles evil-exchange evil-evilified-state evil-escape evil-easymotion evil-collection evil-cleverparens evil-args evil-anzu eval-sexp-fu emr elisp-slime-nav elisp-demos elisp-def editorconfig dumb-jump drag-stuff dotenv-mode dired-quick-sort diminish devdocs define-word column-enforce-mode clean-aindent-mode centered-cursor-mode auto-highlight-symbol auto-compile all-the-icons aggressive-indent ace-link ace-jump-helm-line)))
(custom-set-faces
 ;; custom-set-faces was added by Custom.
 ;; If you edit it by hand, you could mess it up, so be careful.
 ;; Your init file should contain only one such instance.
 ;; If there is more than one, they won't work right.
 )
)
